Improving data table documentation (#2279)
Textualize/textual: docs/widgets/data_table.md

    --8<-- "docs/examples/widgets/data_table.py"
    ```

> To add rows and columns one-at-a-time, use [add_row][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_row] and [add_column][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_column].

Reviewer: “one-at-a-time” feels awkward to me.
```suggestion
To add a single row or column use [add_row][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_row] and [add_column][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_column], respectively.
```

#### Styling and justifying cells

> Cells can contain more than just plain strings - [Rich](https://rich.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction.html) renderables such as [`Text`](https://rich.readthedocs.io/en/stable/text.html?highlight=Text#rich-text) are also supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cells can contain more than just plain strings - [Rich][rich] renderables such as [`Text`][rich.text.Text] are also supported.
```

Author: What effect does this have?

Reviewer: Ah, sorry for my oversight!

`Text` objects provide an easy way to style and justify cell content:

=== "Output"

    ```{.textual path="docs/examples/widgets/data_table_renderables.py"}
    ```

=== "data_table_renderables.py"

    ```python
    --8<-- "docs/examples/widgets/data_table_renderables.py"
    ```

### Keys

When adding a row to the table, you can supply a _key_ to [add_row][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_row].
A key is a unique identifier for that row.
If you don't supply a key, Textual will generate one for you and return it from `add_row`.
This key can later be used to reference the row, regardless of its current position in the table.

> When working with data from a database for example, you make wish to set the row `key` to the primary key of the data to ensure uniqueness.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When working with data from a database, for example, you may wish to set the row `key` to the primary key of the data to ensure uniqueness.
```

> The [add_column][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_column] also accepts a `key` argument and works similarly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method [add_column][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_column] also accepts a `key` argument and works similarly.
```

> Keys are important because cells in a data table can change location due factors like row deletion and sorting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keys are important because cells in a data table can change location due to factors like row deletion and sorting.
```

Thus, using keys instead of coordinates allows us to refer to data without worrying about its current location in the table.

> Sometimes you wish to perform an operation on a cell/row/column based solely on coordinates, without regard for the data that is currently visible at those coordinates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you may wish to perform an operation on a cell/row/column based solely on coordinates, without regard for the data that is currently visible at those coordinates.
```

Author: Outdated now

> Sometimes you wish to perform an operation on a cell/row/column based solely on coordinates, without regard for the data that is currently visible at those coordinates.
> In these cases you can make use of the [coordinate_to_cell_key][textual.widgets.DataTable.coordinate_to_cell_key] method to convert
> a coordinate to a _cell key_, which is a `(row_key, column_key)` pair.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to change the table based solely on coordinates, you can use the [coordinate_to_cell_key][textual.widgets.DataTable.coordinate_to_cell_key] method to convert a coordinate to a _cell key_, which is a `(row_key, column_key)` pair.
```

Reviewer 2: Originally felt a little too wordy...

### Cursors

> You can retrieve the current coordinate of the cursor from the `cursor_coordinate` reactive attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The coordinate of the cursor is exposed via the `cursor_coordinate` reactive attribute.
```

Original wording suggests to me that there may be some additional step involved.

> Three types of cursor are supported: `cell`, `row`, and `column`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three types of cursors are supported: `cell`, `row`, and `column`.
```

### Removing data

To remove all data in the table, use the [clear][textual.widgets.DataTable.clear] method.
To remove individual rows, use [remove_row][textual.widgets.DataTable.remove_row].
The `remove_row` method accepts a `key` argument, which identifies the row to be removed.

If you wish to remove the row below the cursor in the `DataTable`, use `coordinate_to_cell_key` to get the row key of
the row under the current `cursor_coordinate`, then supply this key to `remove_row`:

```python
# Get the keys for the row and column under the cursor.
row_key, _ = table.coordinate_to_cell_key(table.cursor_coordinate)
# Supply the row key to `remove_row` to delete the row.
table.remove_row(row_key)
```

### Fixed data

You can fix a number of rows and columns in place, keeping them pinned to the top and left of the table respectively.
To do this, assign an integer to the `fixed_rows` or `fixed_columns` reactive attributes of the `DataTable`.

=== "Fixed data"

    ```{.textual path="docs/examples/widgets/data_table_fixed.py"}
    ```

=== "data_table_fixed.py"

    ```python
    --8<-- "docs/examples/widgets/data_table_fixed.py"
    ```

> In the example above, we set `fixed_rows` to `2`, and `fixed_columns` to `1`,

Reviewer: Would be brilliant if the example also showed this. Maybe add 100 dummy rows to the table and then scroll to the bottom?

Author: Hmm, good idea! Will do that shortly.

meaning the first two rows and the leftmost column do not scroll - they always remain
visible as you scroll through the data table.

### Sorting

The `DataTable` can be sorted using the [sort][textual.widgets.DataTable.sort] method.
In order to sort your data by a column, you must have supplied a `key` to the `add_column` method
when you added it.
You can then pass this key to the `sort` method to sort by that column.
Additionally, you can sort by multiple columns by passing multiple keys to `sort`.

### Labelled rows

> A "label" can be attached to rows using the [add_row][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_row] method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "label" can be attached to a row using the [add_row][textual.widgets.DataTable.add_row] method.
```
